README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">🕷️ Krawl</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  <a name="readme-top"></a>
  <img
    src="img/krawl-logo.jpg"
    height="200"
  >
</h3>
<div align="center">

<p align="center">
  A modern, customizable zero-dependencies honeypot server designed to detect and track malicious activity through deceptive web pages, fake credentials, and canary tokens.
</p>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/blessedrebus/krawl/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/blessedrebus/krawl" alt="License">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/blessedrebus/krawl/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/blessedrebus/krawl" alt="Release">
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ghcr.io-krawl-blue" alt="GitHub Container Registry">
  </a>
  <a href="https://kubernetes.io/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-ready-326CE5?logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" alt="Kubernetes">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/BlessedRebuS/Krawl/pkgs/container/krawl-chart">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/helm-chart-0F1689?logo=helm&logoColor=white" alt="Helm Chart">
  </a>
</div>

<br>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#what-is-krawl">What is Krawl?</a> •
  <a href="#-installation">Installation</a> •
  <a href="#honeypot-pages">Honeypot Pages</a> •
  <a href="#dashboard">Dashboard</a> •
  <a href="./ToDo.md">Todo</a> •
  <a href="#-contributing">Contributing</a>
</p>

<br>
</div>

## Demo
Tip: crawl the `robots.txt` paths for additional fun
### Krawl URL: [http://demo.krawlme.com](http://demo.krawlme.com)
### View the dashboard [http://demo.krawlme.com/das_dashboard](http://demo.krawlme.com/das_dashboard)

## What is Krawl?

**Krawl** is a cloud‑native deception server designed to detect, delay, and analyze malicious web crawlers and automated scanners.

It creates realistic fake web applications filled with low‑hanging fruit such as admin panels, configuration files, and exposed fake credentials to attract and identify suspicious activity.

By wasting attacker resources, Krawl helps clearly distinguish malicious behavior from legitimate crawlers.

It features:

- **Spider Trap Pages**: Infinite random links to waste crawler resources based on the [spidertrap project](https://github.com/adhdproject/spidertrap)
- **Fake Login Pages**: WordPress, phpMyAdmin, admin panels
- **Honeypot Paths**: Advertised in robots.txt to catch scanners
- **Fake Credentials**: Realistic-looking usernames, passwords, API keys
- **[Canary Token](#customizing-the-canary-token) Integration**: External alert triggering
- **Real-time Dashboard**: Monitor suspicious activity
- **Customizable Wordlists**: Easy JSON-based configuration
- **Random Error Injection**: Mimic real server behavior

![asd](img/deception-page.png)

## 🚀 Installation

### Docker Run

Run Krawl with the latest image:

```bash
docker run -d \
  -p 5000:5000 \
  -e KRAWL_PORT=5000 \
  -e KRAWL_DELAY=100 \
  -e KRAWL_DASHBOARD_SECRET_PATH="/my-secret-dashboard" \
  -e KRAWL_DATABASE_RETENTION_DAYS=30 \
  --name krawl \
  ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl:latest
```

Access the server at `http://localhost:5000`

### Docker Compose

Create a `docker-compose.yaml` file:

```yaml
services:
  krawl:
    image: ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl:latest
    container_name: krawl-server
    ports:
      - "5000:5000"
    environment:
      - KRAWL_PORT=5000
      - KRAWL_DELAY=100
      # - KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_URL=http://your-canary-token-url
    volumes:
      - krawl-data:/app/data
    restart: unless-stopped

volumes:
  krawl-data:
```

Run with:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

Stop with:

```bash
docker-compose down
```

### Helm Chart

Install with default values:

```bash
helm install krawl oci://ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl-chart \
  --version 2.0.0 \
  --namespace krawl-system \
  --create-namespace
```

Or create a minimal `values.yaml` file:

```yaml
service:
  type: LoadBalancer
  port: 5000

ingress:
  enabled: true
  className: "traefik"
  hosts:
    - host: krawl.example.com
      paths:
        - path: /
          pathType: Prefix

config:
  server:
    port: 5000
    delay: 100
  dashboard:
    secret_path: null  # Auto-generated if not set

database:
  persistence:
    enabled: true
    size: 1Gi
```

Install with custom values:

```bash
helm install krawl oci://ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl-chart \
  --version 2.0.0 \
  --namespace krawl-system \
  --create-namespace \
  -f values.yaml
```

To access the deception server:

```bash
kubectl get svc krawl -n krawl-system
```

Once the EXTERNAL-IP is assigned, access your deception server at `http://<EXTERNAL-IP>:5000`

### Kubernetes

Apply all manifests with:

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlessedRebuS/Krawl/refs/heads/main/manifests/krawl-all-in-one-deploy.yaml
```

Retrieve dashboard path with:

```bash
kubectl get secret krawl-server -n krawl-system -o jsonpath='{.data.dashboard-path}' | base64 -d
```

Or clone the repo and apply the `manifest` folder with:

```bash
kubectl apply -k manifests
```

### From Source (Python 3.11+)

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/blessedrebus/krawl.git
cd krawl/src
```

Run the server:

```bash
python3 server.py
```

Visit `http://localhost:5000` and access the dashboard at `http://localhost:5000/<dashboard-secret-path>`

## Configuration via Environment Variables

To customize the deception server installation, environment variables can be specified using the naming convention: `KRAWL_<FIELD_NAME>` where `<FIELD_NAME>` is the configuration field name in uppercase with special characters converted:
- `.` → `_`
- `-` → `__` (double underscore)
- ` ` (space) → `_`

### Configuration Variables

| Configuration Field | Environment Variable | Description | Default |
|-----------|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `port` | `KRAWL_PORT` | Server listening port | `5000` |
| `delay` | `KRAWL_DELAY` | Response delay in milliseconds | `100` |
| `server_header` | `KRAWL_SERVER_HEADER` | HTTP Server header for deception | `""` |
| `links_length_range` | `KRAWL_LINKS_LENGTH_RANGE` | Link length range as `min,max` | `5,15` |
| `links_per_page_range` | `KRAWL_LINKS_PER_PAGE_RANGE` | Links per page as `min,max` | `10,15` |
| `char_space` | `KRAWL_CHAR_SPACE` | Characters used for link generation | `abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789` |
| `max_counter` | `KRAWL_MAX_COUNTER` | Initial counter value | `10` |
| `canary_token_url` | `KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_URL` | External canary token URL | None |
| `canary_token_tries` | `KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_TRIES` | Requests before showing canary token | `10` |
| `dashboard_secret_path` | `KRAWL_DASHBOARD_SECRET_PATH` | Custom dashboard path | Auto-generated |
| `api_server_url` | `KRAWL_API_SERVER_URL` | API server URL | None |
| `api_server_port` | `KRAWL_API_SERVER_PORT` | API server port | `8080` |
| `api_server_path` | `KRAWL_API_SERVER_PATH` | API server endpoint path | `/api/v2/users` |
| `probability_error_codes` | `KRAWL_PROBABILITY_ERROR_CODES` | Error response probability (0-100%) | `0` |
| `database_path` | `KRAWL_DATABASE_PATH` | Database file location | `data/krawl.db` |
| `database_retention_days` | `KRAWL_DATABASE_RETENTION_DAYS` | Days to retain data in database | `30` |
| `http_risky_methods_threshold` | `KRAWL_HTTP_RISKY_METHODS_THRESHOLD` | Threshold for risky HTTP methods detection | `0.1` |
| `violated_robots_threshold` | `KRAWL_VIOLATED_ROBOTS_THRESHOLD` | Threshold for robots.txt violations | `0.1` |
| `uneven_request_timing_threshold` | `KRAWL_UNEVEN_REQUEST_TIMING_THRESHOLD` | Coefficient of variation threshold for timing | `0.5` |
| `uneven_request_timing_time_window_seconds` | `KRAWL_UNEVEN_REQUEST_TIMING_TIME_WINDOW_SECONDS` | Time window for request timing analysis in seconds | `300` |
| `user_agents_used_threshold` | `KRAWL_USER_AGENTS_USED_THRESHOLD` | Threshold for detecting multiple user agents | `2` |
| `attack_urls_threshold` | `KRAWL_ATTACK_URLS_THRESHOLD` | Threshold for attack URL detection | `1` |

### Examples

```bash
# Set port and delay
export KRAWL_PORT=8080
export KRAWL_DELAY=200

# Set canary token
export KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_URL="http://your-canary-token-url"

# Set tuple values (min,max format)
export KRAWL_LINKS_LENGTH_RANGE="3,20"
export KRAWL_LINKS_PER_PAGE_RANGE="5,25"

# Set analyzer thresholds
export KRAWL_HTTP_RISKY_METHODS_THRESHOLD="0.2"
export KRAWL_VIOLATED_ROBOTS_THRESHOLD="0.15"

# Set custom dashboard path
export KRAWL_DASHBOARD_SECRET_PATH="/my-secret-dashboard"
```

Or in Docker:

```bash
docker run -d \
  -p 5000:5000 \
  -e KRAWL_PORT=5000 \
  -e KRAWL_DELAY=100 \
  -e KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_URL="http://your-canary-token-url" \
  --name krawl \
  ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl:latest
```

## robots.txt
The actual (juicy) robots.txt configuration is the following

```txt
Disallow: /admin/
Disallow: /api/
Disallow: /backup/
Disallow: /config/
Disallow: /database/
Disallow: /private/
Disallow: /uploads/
Disallow: /wp-admin/
Disallow: /phpMyAdmin/
Disallow: /admin/login.php
Disallow: /api/v1/users
Disallow: /api/v2/secrets
Disallow: /.env
Disallow: /credentials.txt
Disallow: /passwords.txt
Disallow: /.git/
Disallow: /backup.sql
Disallow: /db_backup.sql
```

## Honeypot pages
Requests to common admin endpoints (`/admin/`, `/wp-admin/`, `/phpMyAdmin/`) return a fake login page. Any login attempt triggers a 1-second delay to simulate real processing and is fully logged in the dashboard (credentials, IP, headers, timing).

<div align="center">
  <img src="img/admin-page.png" width="60%" />
</div>

Requests to paths like `/backup/`, `/config/`, `/database/`, `/private/`, or `/uploads/` return a fake directory listing populated with “interesting” files, each assigned a random file size to look realistic.

![directory-page](img/directory-page.png)

The `.env` endpoint exposes fake database connection strings, **AWS API keys**, and **Stripe secrets**. It intentionally returns an error due to the `Content-Type` being `application/json` instead of plain text, mimicking a “juicy” misconfiguration that crawlers and scanners often flag as information leakage.

![env-page](img/env-page.png)

The pages `/api/v1/users` and `/api/v2/secrets` show fake users and random secrets in JSON format

<div align="center">
  <img src="img/api-users-page.png" width="45%" style="vertical-align: middle; margin: 0 10px;" />
  <img src="img/api-secrets-page.png" width="45%" style="vertical-align: middle; margin: 0 10px;" />
</div>

The pages `/credentials.txt` and `/passwords.txt` show fake users and random secrets 

<div align="center">
  <img src="img/credentials-page.png" width="35%" style="vertical-align: middle; margin: 0 10px;" />
  <img src="img/passwords-page.png" width="45%" style="vertical-align: middle; margin: 0 10px;" />
</div>

## Customizing the Canary Token
To create a custom canary token, visit https://canarytokens.org

and generate a “Web bug” canary token.

This optional token is triggered when a crawler fully traverses the webpage until it reaches 0. At that point, a URL is returned. When this URL is requested, it sends an alert to the user via email, including the visitor’s IP address and user agent.


To enable this feature, set the canary token URL [using the environment variable](#configuration-via-environment-variables) `CANARY_TOKEN_URL`.

## Customizing the wordlist 

Edit `wordlists.json` to customize fake data for your use case

```json
{
  "usernames": {
    "prefixes": ["admin", "root", "user"],
    "suffixes": ["_prod", "_dev", "123"]
  },
  "passwords": {
    "prefixes": ["P@ssw0rd", "Admin"],
    "simple": ["test", "password"]
  },
  "directory_listing": {
    "files": ["credentials.txt", "backup.sql"],
    "directories": ["admin/", "backup/"]
  }
}
```

or **values.yaml** in the case of helm chart installation

## Dashboard

Access the dashboard at `http://<server-ip>:<port>/<dashboard-path>`

The dashboard shows:
- Total and unique accesses
- Suspicious activity detection
- Top IPs, paths, and user-agents
- Real-time monitoring

The attackers' triggered honeypot path and the suspicious activity (such as failed login attempts) are logged

![dashboard-1](img/dashboard-1.png)

The top IP Addresses is shown along with top paths and User Agents

![dashboard-2](img/dashboard-2.png)

### Retrieving Dashboard Path

Check server startup logs or get the secret with 

```bash
kubectl get secret krawl-server -n krawl-system \
  -o jsonpath='{.data.dashboard-path}' | base64 -d && echo
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! Please:
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request (explain the changes!)


<div align="center">

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

**This is a deception/honeypot system.**  
Deploy in isolated environments and monitor carefully for security events.  
Use responsibly and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

## Star History
<img src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=BlessedRebuS/Krawl&type=Date" width="600" alt="Star History Chart" />

Commit message:

feat: update deployment manifests and configuration for improved service handling and analyzer settings

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">🕷️ Krawl</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  <a name="readme-top"></a>
  <img
    src="img/krawl-logo.jpg"
    height="200"
  >
</h3>
<div align="center">

<p align="center">
  A modern, customizable zero-dependencies honeypot server designed to detect and track malicious activity through deceptive web pages, fake credentials, and canary tokens.
</p>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/blessedrebus/krawl/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/blessedrebus/krawl" alt="License">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/blessedrebus/krawl/releases">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/blessedrebus/krawl" alt="Release">
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ghcr.io-krawl-blue" alt="GitHub Container Registry">
  </a>
  <a href="https://kubernetes.io/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-ready-326CE5?logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" alt="Kubernetes">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/BlessedRebuS/Krawl/pkgs/container/krawl-chart">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/helm-chart-0F1689?logo=helm&logoColor=white" alt="Helm Chart">
  </a>
</div>

<br>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#what-is-krawl">What is Krawl?</a> •
  <a href="#-installation">Installation</a> •
  <a href="#honeypot-pages">Honeypot Pages</a> •
  <a href="#dashboard">Dashboard</a> •
  <a href="./ToDo.md">Todo</a> •
  <a href="#-contributing">Contributing</a>
</p>

<br>
</div>

## Demo
Tip: crawl the `robots.txt` paths for additional fun
### Krawl URL: [http://demo.krawlme.com](http://demo.krawlme.com)
### View the dashboard [http://demo.krawlme.com/das_dashboard](http://demo.krawlme.com/das_dashboard)

## What is Krawl?

**Krawl** is a cloud‑native deception server designed to detect, delay, and analyze malicious web crawlers and automated scanners.

It creates realistic fake web applications filled with low‑hanging fruit such as admin panels, configuration files, and exposed fake credentials to attract and identify suspicious activity.

By wasting attacker resources, Krawl helps clearly distinguish malicious behavior from legitimate crawlers.

It features:

- **Spider Trap Pages**: Infinite random links to waste crawler resources based on the [spidertrap project](https://github.com/adhdproject/spidertrap)
- **Fake Login Pages**: WordPress, phpMyAdmin, admin panels
- **Honeypot Paths**: Advertised in robots.txt to catch scanners
- **Fake Credentials**: Realistic-looking usernames, passwords, API keys
- **[Canary Token](#customizing-the-canary-token) Integration**: External alert triggering
- **Real-time Dashboard**: Monitor suspicious activity
- **Customizable Wordlists**: Easy JSON-based configuration
- **Random Error Injection**: Mimic real server behavior

![asd](img/deception-page.png)

## 🚀 Installation

### Docker Run

Run Krawl with the latest image:

```bash
docker run -d \
  -p 5000:5000 \
  -e KRAWL_PORT=5000 \
  -e KRAWL_DELAY=100 \
  -e KRAWL_DASHBOARD_SECRET_PATH="/my-secret-dashboard" \
  -e KRAWL_DATABASE_RETENTION_DAYS=30 \
  --name krawl \
  ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl:latest
```

Access the server at `http://localhost:5000`

### Docker Compose

Create a `docker-compose.yaml` file:

```yaml
services:
  krawl:
    image: ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl:latest
    container_name: krawl-server
    ports:
      - "5000:5000"
    environment:
      - KRAWL_PORT=5000
      - KRAWL_DELAY=100
      # - KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_URL=http://your-canary-token-url
    volumes:
      - krawl-data:/app/data
    restart: unless-stopped

volumes:
  krawl-data:
```

Run with:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

Stop with:

```bash
docker-compose down
```

### Helm Chart

Install with default values:

```bash
helm install krawl oci://ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl-chart \
  --version 2.0.0 \
  --namespace krawl-system \
  --create-namespace
```

Or create a minimal `values.yaml` file:

```yaml
service:
  type: LoadBalancer
  port: 5000

ingress:
  enabled: true
  className: "traefik"
  hosts:
    - host: krawl.example.com
      paths:
        - path: /
          pathType: Prefix

config:
  server:
    port: 5000
    delay: 100
  dashboard:
    secret_path: null  # Auto-generated if not set

database:
  persistence:
    enabled: true
    size: 1Gi
```

Install with custom values:

```bash
helm install krawl oci://ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl-chart \
  --version 2.0.0 \
  --namespace krawl-system \
  --create-namespace \
  -f values.yaml
```

To access the deception server:

```bash
kubectl get svc krawl -n krawl-system
```

Once the EXTERNAL-IP is assigned, access your deception server at `http://<EXTERNAL-IP>:5000`

### Kubernetes

Apply all manifests with:

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlessedRebuS/Krawl/refs/heads/main/kubernetes/krawl-all-in-one-deploy.yaml
```

Or clone the repo and apply the manifest:

```bash
kubectl apply -f kubernetes/krawl-all-in-one-deploy.yaml
```

Access the deception server:

```bash
kubectl get svc krawl-server -n krawl-system
```

Once the EXTERNAL-IP is assigned, access your deception server at `http://<EXTERNAL-IP>:5000`

### From Source (Python 3.11+)

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/blessedrebus/krawl.git
cd krawl/src
```

Run the server:

```bash
python3 server.py
```

Visit `http://localhost:5000` and access the dashboard at `http://localhost:5000/<dashboard-secret-path>`

## Configuration via Environment Variables

To customize the deception server installation, environment variables can be specified using the naming convention: `KRAWL_<FIELD_NAME>` where `<FIELD_NAME>` is the configuration field name in uppercase with special characters converted:
- `.` → `_`
- `-` → `__` (double underscore)
- ` ` (space) → `_`

### Configuration Variables

| Configuration Field | Environment Variable | Description | Default |
|-----------|-----------|-------------|---------|
| `port` | `KRAWL_PORT` | Server listening port | `5000` |
| `delay` | `KRAWL_DELAY` | Response delay in milliseconds | `100` |
| `server_header` | `KRAWL_SERVER_HEADER` | HTTP Server header for deception | `""` |
| `links_length_range` | `KRAWL_LINKS_LENGTH_RANGE` | Link length range as `min,max` | `5,15` |
| `links_per_page_range` | `KRAWL_LINKS_PER_PAGE_RANGE` | Links per page as `min,max` | `10,15` |
| `char_space` | `KRAWL_CHAR_SPACE` | Characters used for link generation | `abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789` |
| `max_counter` | `KRAWL_MAX_COUNTER` | Initial counter value | `10` |
| `canary_token_url` | `KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_URL` | External canary token URL | None |
| `canary_token_tries` | `KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_TRIES` | Requests before showing canary token | `10` |
| `dashboard_secret_path` | `KRAWL_DASHBOARD_SECRET_PATH` | Custom dashboard path | Auto-generated |
| `api_server_url` | `KRAWL_API_SERVER_URL` | API server URL | None |
| `api_server_port` | `KRAWL_API_SERVER_PORT` | API server port | `8080` |
| `api_server_path` | `KRAWL_API_SERVER_PATH` | API server endpoint path | `/api/v2/users` |
| `probability_error_codes` | `KRAWL_PROBABILITY_ERROR_CODES` | Error response probability (0-100%) | `0` |
| `database_path` | `KRAWL_DATABASE_PATH` | Database file location | `data/krawl.db` |
| `database_retention_days` | `KRAWL_DATABASE_RETENTION_DAYS` | Days to retain data in database | `30` |
| `http_risky_methods_threshold` | `KRAWL_HTTP_RISKY_METHODS_THRESHOLD` | Threshold for risky HTTP methods detection | `0.1` |
| `violated_robots_threshold` | `KRAWL_VIOLATED_ROBOTS_THRESHOLD` | Threshold for robots.txt violations | `0.1` |
| `uneven_request_timing_threshold` | `KRAWL_UNEVEN_REQUEST_TIMING_THRESHOLD` | Coefficient of variation threshold for timing | `0.5` |
| `uneven_request_timing_time_window_seconds` | `KRAWL_UNEVEN_REQUEST_TIMING_TIME_WINDOW_SECONDS` | Time window for request timing analysis in seconds | `300` |
| `user_agents_used_threshold` | `KRAWL_USER_AGENTS_USED_THRESHOLD` | Threshold for detecting multiple user agents | `2` |
| `attack_urls_threshold` | `KRAWL_ATTACK_URLS_THRESHOLD` | Threshold for attack URL detection | `1` |

### Examples

```bash
# Set port and delay
export KRAWL_PORT=8080
export KRAWL_DELAY=200

# Set canary token
export KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_URL="http://your-canary-token-url"

# Set tuple values (min,max format)
export KRAWL_LINKS_LENGTH_RANGE="3,20"
export KRAWL_LINKS_PER_PAGE_RANGE="5,25"

# Set analyzer thresholds
export KRAWL_HTTP_RISKY_METHODS_THRESHOLD="0.2"
export KRAWL_VIOLATED_ROBOTS_THRESHOLD="0.15"

# Set custom dashboard path
export KRAWL_DASHBOARD_SECRET_PATH="/my-secret-dashboard"
```

Or in Docker:

```bash
docker run -d \
  -p 5000:5000 \
  -e KRAWL_PORT=5000 \
  -e KRAWL_DELAY=100 \
  -e KRAWL_CANARY_TOKEN_URL="http://your-canary-token-url" \
  --name krawl \
  ghcr.io/blessedrebus/krawl:latest
```

## robots.txt
The actual (juicy) robots.txt configuration is the following

```txt
Disallow: /admin/
Disallow: /api/
Disallow: /backup/
Disallow: /config/
Disallow: /database/
Disallow: /private/
Disallow: /uploads/
Disallow: /wp-admin/
Disallow: /phpMyAdmin/
Disallow: /admin/login.php
Disallow: /api/v1/users
Disallow: /api/v2/secrets
Disallow: /.env
Disallow: /credentials.txt
Disallow: /passwords.txt
Disallow: /.git/
Disallow: /backup.sql
Disallow: /db_backup.sql
```

## Honeypot pages
Requests to common admin endpoints (`/admin/`, `/wp-admin/`, `/phpMyAdmin/`) return a fake login page. Any login attempt triggers a 1-second delay to simulate real processing and is fully logged in the dashboard (credentials, IP, headers, timing).

<div align="center">
  <img src="img/admin-page.png" width="60%" />
</div>

Requests to paths like `/backup/`, `/config/`, `/database/`, `/private/`, or `/uploads/` return a fake directory listing populated with “interesting” files, each assigned a random file size to look realistic.

![directory-page](img/directory-page.png)

The `.env` endpoint exposes fake database connection strings, **AWS API keys**, and **Stripe secrets**. It intentionally returns an error due to the `Content-Type` being `application/json` instead of plain text, mimicking a “juicy” misconfiguration that crawlers and scanners often flag as information leakage.

![env-page](img/env-page.png)

The pages `/api/v1/users` and `/api/v2/secrets` show fake users and random secrets in JSON format

<div align="center">
  <img src="img/api-users-page.png" width="45%" style="vertical-align: middle; margin: 0 10px;" />
  <img src="img/api-secrets-page.png" width="45%" style="vertical-align: middle; margin: 0 10px;" />
</div>

The pages `/credentials.txt` and `/passwords.txt` show fake users and random secrets 

<div align="center">
  <img src="img/credentials-page.png" width="35%" style="vertical-align: middle; margin: 0 10px;" />
  <img src="img/passwords-page.png" width="45%" style="vertical-align: middle; margin: 0 10px;" />
</div>

## Customizing the Canary Token
To create a custom canary token, visit https://canarytokens.org

and generate a “Web bug” canary token.

This optional token is triggered when a crawler fully traverses the webpage until it reaches 0. At that point, a URL is returned. When this URL is requested, it sends an alert to the user via email, including the visitor’s IP address and user agent.


To enable this feature, set the canary token URL [using the environment variable](#configuration-via-environment-variables) `CANARY_TOKEN_URL`.

## Customizing the wordlist 

Edit `wordlists.json` to customize fake data for your use case

```json
{
  "usernames": {
    "prefixes": ["admin", "root", "user"],
    "suffixes": ["_prod", "_dev", "123"]
  },
  "passwords": {
    "prefixes": ["P@ssw0rd", "Admin"],
    "simple": ["test", "password"]
  },
  "directory_listing": {
    "files": ["credentials.txt", "backup.sql"],
    "directories": ["admin/", "backup/"]
  }
}
```

or **values.yaml** in the case of helm chart installation

## Dashboard

Access the dashboard at `http://<server-ip>:<port>/<dashboard-path>`

The dashboard shows:
- Total and unique accesses
- Suspicious activity detection
- Top IPs, paths, and user-agents
- Real-time monitoring

The attackers' triggered honeypot path and the suspicious activity (such as failed login attempts) are logged

![dashboard-1](img/dashboard-1.png)

The top IP Addresses is shown along with top paths and User Agents

![dashboard-2](img/dashboard-2.png)

### Retrieving Dashboard Path

Check server startup logs or get the secret with 

```bash
kubectl get secret krawl-server -n krawl-system \
  -o jsonpath='{.data.dashboard-path}' | base64 -d && echo
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! Please:
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request (explain the changes!)


<div align="center">

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

**This is a deception/honeypot system.**  
Deploy in isolated environments and monitor carefully for security events.  
Use responsibly and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

## Star History
<img src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=BlessedRebuS/Krawl&type=Date" width="600" alt="Star History Chart" />
